after a long morning gorging on fish the
otters led by the adult female pinkier
haul out onto a fallen trunk to sunbathe
relax and digest all that fish like so
much of giant otter life this is done as
a group though after all that frenetic
activity it takes a while to completely
switch off and settle down
some turtles have emerged to sunbathe -
but they've attracted unwanted attention
butterflies gather to try and collect
salty tears from the turtle's eyes and
the turtles leg waving seems futile the
Otters eyes also tempt the butterflies
but it's much harder to hit a moving
target understandably the otters seem to
find the thought of a probing proboscis
in the eye as appealing as we would